Welcome back. Before we get
into specific Linux
commands, let's
explore in more
detail the basics of
communicating with the
OS through the shell.
Being able to utilize
Linux commands is
a foundational skill for
all security professionals.
As a security analyst,
you will work with
server logs and you'll need
to know how to navigate,
manage and analyze files
remotely without a
graphical user interface.
In addition, you'll
need to know how to
verify and configure
users and group access.
You'll also need to
give authorization
and set file permissions.
That means that developing
skills with the command line
is essential for your work
as a security analyst.
When we learned about the Linux
architecture, we learned that
the shell is one of
the main components
of an operating system.
We also learned that there
are different shells.
In this section, we'll
utilize the Bash shell.
Bash is the default shell in
most Linux distributions.
For the most part, the key
Linux commands that you'll
be learning in this section
are the same across shells.
Now that you know
what shell you'll be
using, let's go into
how to write in Bash.
As we discussed in
a previous section,
communicating with your OS
is like a conversation.
You type in commands, and the OS
responds with an answer
to your command.
A command is an instruction
telling the computer
to do something.
We'll try out a command in Bash.
Notice a dollar sign
before the cursor.
This is your prompt to
enter a new command.
Some commands might
tell the computer to
find something like
a specific file.
Others might tell it
to launch a program.
Or, it might be to output a
specific string of text.
In the last section,
when we discussed input and output,
we explored how the
echo command did this.
Let's input the
echo command again.
You may notice that the command
we just input is not complete.
If we're going to
use the echo command
to output a specific string of
texts, we need to specify
what the string of text is.
This is what arguments are for.
An argument is specific
information needed by a command.
Some commands take
multiple arguments.
So now let's complete the echo
command with an argument.
We're learning some
pretty technical stuff,
so how about we output the
words: "You are doing great!"
We'll add this argument, and
then we'll press enter
to get the output.
In this example, our argument
was a string of text.
Arguments can provide other
types of information as well.
One thing that is really
important in Linux is that
all commands and arguments
are case sensitive.
This includes file
and directory names.
Keep that in mind as you
learn more about how to
use Linux in your day-to-day
tasks as a security analyst.
Okay, now that we've
covered the basics of
entering Linux
commands and arguments
through the Bash
shell, we're ready
to learn some specific commands.
This is exciting, so let's
get to our next video!